so friends we look at the today
new water cooling from cool master
and that since 120 v in the second
revised version
this is a
all-in-one water cooling that is how
you see here the whole is already
pre-assembled you do not have to hose
and everything afterwards but the whole
a complete package at the now in the
second version after the fan
was revised
that means this should be much quieter
his as well as the pump and the whole
system works for every mainboard resp
for any processor no matter of amd or
from intel
no matter if all the 775 socket or newer 20
11 3 actually for every system
suitable and we compare the whole
sometimes with a normal 40 euro
air cooler as the whole thing cuts off
what temperature and volume at last
so again briefly to the system so
from the feel so like the whole
It feels really well processed too
relatively easy that has me personally
wondered and I had mine now
no flaws that means something for 40 euros
Extremely little in this water cooling
is the whole really top processed
I can not say so then we look
what the system can do i have it
here on my xeon 1231 strapped that
is a normal ii 7 quasi only
a bit cooler and we'll hear each other now
at such a small soundcheck below
full load four snow off the i30 and how
the water cooling
heard under load are both
actually exactly as loud as sees
it with the temperatures from the i30
runs after an hour of prime 95 that is
for an hour long cores on full load
to a maximum of 70 degrees water cooling
on the other hand, we are a bit higher here
now at 75 degrees on the warmest core
but everything is still in a relative
good measure that is both
actually acceptable
that is when the volume is under load
the temperatures are the same right away
Almost equal is where is the
difference or what would
I recommend
and now we come to the biggest
Critic of such all-in-one
water cooling because this pump is not
decoupled that means in normal operation
if you do not do anything on your pc
no burden
then you will always hear this pump out there
An air cooling unit is as good as
silent and the all-in-one water cooling
and just on such a funny thing
level I soundproofed that
housing and I hear it anyway
and right here I would say hey people
everything under 50 euro will pick you up
rather a Luftkühlung because with it ride
you actually in most cases
significantly better
that was from my side i hope that
failed again if so I would
I am very happy about a rating
and because you already have experiences
with such small compact
You could have water cooling done me
yes is in the comments write
that was it from my side see me
us at the next video ciao